Integrations: apply sentence-style capitalization (#29977)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/panel_iframe.markdown

---

> title: iframe panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: iFrame panel
```
MS uses `iframe`, `iFrame` and `IFRAME` for this, not sure which is the correct one.
but `iFrame` matches the description.

> description: Instructions on how to add iFrames in the frontend of Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Instructions on how to add iFrames in the front end of Home Assistant.
```
